---
title: Chasing Ambitions 
date: 29/09/2022
description:  
---
Within the span of 3 to 4 years, I've changed drastically as a person and though, I'm still figuring it out - the reflection on where I started is not something that I do very often. It seems that every few months, I've changed my goals and paved out a new path to chase. Though it's been an amazing ride filled with crazy adventures, I'm struggling to figure out if what I'm doing is "correct". The "correct" path for anyone is subjective and for myself, I've been seeing this shift in so many ways. 

When I first switched into Ryerson, I had a clear goal - get into the CS program. Life was simple, just focus on this one goal and that was it. It was around the same time as the start of COVID, so everything without a doubt was amplified. I was set on getting into the program. Next my biggest challenge was getting into the CO-OP program since it was the most important aspect of the university degree. Next was to get an internship. See a trend? These were all gradual steps but more so, goals that were standardized by everyone from my program, school, and practically everyone I knew. Of course, there's nothing wrong with this but as time went by I started to realize that this just wasn't for me.

I still remember getting my first internship was one of the most dreadful experiences that I've had. I may be overstretching the experience, but without a doubt left a mark on how I appraoch everything till today. It's funny to think back now. I applied to over 200 places, but nothing stuck. My technical skills were horrible, my personal skills needed a ton of work and still somehow I kept going. I knew that this traditional path of applying online wasn't going to work for me. So I did what everyone on social media kept emphaizing - I networked like no tomorrow. I met with over 150 people via coffee chats 
 I've been able to understand myself more through the victories and lessons that I've had to take on. Now the other side to this is very obvious - these victories and lessons meant that I continue to run into a problem, challenge or road block. I know this is a part of life, but damn does it get frustraiting.

