---
title: My Relationship With Sleep 
date: 25/09/22
description: Sleepless night 
---

As I was figuring out what to write about today, I reflected on the past day and the weekend. Though as per usaual, it seems that the day went by very quickly - it was a good weekend. Alot to think about and exciting projects that are coming up. But this weekend still seemed fairly typical, so why is that it's 5:49 AM with a huge week of chaotic adventures this week and I'm choosing to screw up my sleep schedule from the start of the week?

This is why I wanted to write about my relationship with sleep. As you can tell, it's not great. I've heared a ton about it, sleep - the most important "thing" ever. But damn I am so bad at it whether I get too much of it or the complete opposite. I don't know if that roots from my spontanous schedule and my urge to not put down projects. That's exactly what happened today with an article I started this morning, I just had to follow through with it and had the goal to finish it tonight. But clearly it had extended all the way to this morning. 

I gave myself a goal to get better with this sleep schedule and in essence, create a better life schdule. But clearly that isn't going too well. I've noticed that when times get tough, I will forsure push through it but I unconsciously sacrifice other aspects of my sleep. At this moment, that would be my physical body / working out and of course, sleep. 

I'm a big workaholic and no I'm not proud of it or anything like that. Just something I saw my entire life and even till this day, it's the only thing I know. I'll touch on this another day, but I bring it up now because I find it so hard to just pause something. Especially if it's due soon or I've spent hours on it already, I don't wanna wait another day - why not just push through it?

I also don't know the balance. Well I'm still figuring that out and I truly think that I got much better at it. But the balance of life - between friends, family, work, school (lol), extra passion projects, health and sleep. I feel like the days or weeks that I take one step forward, I'll have days like today where I just don't sleep all night fucking everything up. 

Okay I can barely keep my eyes open now. I'll finish this tomorrow or another day.
