---
title: Why I started this. 
date: 24/09/22
description: Starting off with questions and answering the why.
---


I'm treating this as a catalyst to the next chapter of my life as I aim to become a better person. Better person in what way? This is what I'm still trying to figure out, but I understand that there's so much for me to learn and figure out as I try define the person I want to be. Why is this a catalyst? The goal is to publicly write every single day for the next year - 365 days and sharing the takeaways from each day. 

Starting this library was inspired by a few people including Dominic Lau, Paul Graham, Fred Wilson and Matt Cohen. These are Venture Capitalists each with a unique story of landing on their careers, but truly being passoiate about why they wake up eachday to do it. Each person I mentioned either writes publicly or shares stories about their lives. Whether its about tech, failing, lessons, or simply a story they're interested to share. This is what I hope this turns out to be. Not to be famous or make money, but hopefully one day be helpful for someone in my shoes.

Here are a list of questions that always shuffle through my head: Differentiating a career with one's passion, but why can't you have both? Why do you have to issolate one to have the other? How do you find your own balance of working and having fun? How do you define success and how can it be transferable in other aspects of one's life? 

The questions above are a few that I'll address going forward and I'm excited to see where this will go.


